bird: drop bird1 package & modules; hardening (#161193)
NixOS/nixpkgs: nixos/doc/manual/release-notes/rl-2205.section.md

- `tilp2` was removed together with its module

> - `bird1` and its module has `services.bird` as well as `services.bird6` has been removed. Upgrade to `services.bird2`.

Reviewer: Maybe a native speaker has a better suggestion.
```suggestion
- `bird1` and its modules `services.bird` as well as `services.bird6` have been removed. Upgrade to `services.bird2`.
```

> 

Reviewer 2: We should probably also add the fact bird is running as root again, so it can drop privileges, instead of running with the scary capabilities.

Author: This was already the case before in fact.

Author: see https://github.com/NixOS/nixpkgs/pull/161193/files#diff-7b8f5c81bf510eb2bb574f1374914deebdafec8f5c001f9ea9983312438fa1e7L78
